Privacy Policy

Privacy Statement:

James Reynolds ("we," "us,"or "our") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about how we use your personal information. By visiting the application service offered from time to time by us in connection therewith or using any of our services or mobile applications (collectively, the "Services"), you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.

Use of Application
When you launch this application, we collect information regarding your device type, operating system and version, carrier provider, IP address, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Equipment Mobile ID (IMEI). This unique user ID is only used for the purpose of allowing you to use the app’s location features and the information is deleted when the app is closed.

Information we collect and use:

We do not gather or store any personal or personally sensitive data. Our primary goals in collecting and using information is to provide and improve the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service.

Personal Information and Non-Personal Information

We do not collect any personal or non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual's name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate or anonymous information.

Data Deletion:

All users who access or use our Services, regardless of country, region, or login method, have the right to request deletion of any personal data.

In addition, all users — including those who are unable to access the application, may request deletion of any personal data by contacting us at:

jamespreynolds4@gmail.com

Upon receiving a valid deletion request, we will delete or anonymize the requested personal data within a reasonable timeframe, not exceeding 30 days, unless a longer retention period is required by law.

How do I contact James Reynolds about my personal information:

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: jamespreynolds4@gmail.com